Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of servers: 5
Number of users per server : 1000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of subscriptions per server: 5
Number of messages: 2
finished initialisation benchmark tests can start 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 638.829 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 346.939 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 46.423 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 503.13 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 540.631 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 538.452 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 926.947 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 968.745 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 2476.41 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 928.239 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 698.938 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 993.161 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 895.24 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 904.565 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 956.363 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 1074.474 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 539.985 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 975.551 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 803.157 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 1071.165 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 598.034 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 846.135 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 910.103 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 882.669 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 898.571 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 895.358 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 922.961 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 874.365 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 952.896 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 417.635 ms
send_message done
