Parameters:
Number of users: 500
Number of servers: 5
Number of users per server : 100
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of subscriptions per server: 5
Number of messages: 5
finished initialisation benchmark tests can start 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 6.153 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 2.853 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 630.902 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 1.896 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 900.826 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 2400.494 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 24.995 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 26.401 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 1836.702 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 31.271 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 1621.804 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 2.447 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 2676.151 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 1345.107 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 2547.212 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 3817.074 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 16707.745 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 196.079 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 146.555 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 132.33 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 9460.116 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 44.293 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 1008.838 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 11391.68 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 6891.181 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 11414.12 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 3.06 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 25599.855 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 79.038 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 30.783 ms
send_message done
