Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of servers: 5
Number of users per server : 1000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of subscriptions per server: 5
Number of messages: 2
finished initialisation benchmark tests can start 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 339.574 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 504.816 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 557.084 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 522.887 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 407.369 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 577.315 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 846.778 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 407.896 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 1595.22 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 656.166 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 2936.474 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 495.011 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 1853.034 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 1241.906 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 1218.509 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 1237.723 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 657.799 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 822.802 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 1796.806 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 1245.87 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 919.967 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 361.559 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 1080.744 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 1285.244 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 1960.686 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 1477.242 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 1002.552 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 939.511 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 1837.813 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 1658.005 ms
send_message done
