Parameters:
Number of users: 500
Number of servers: 5
Number of users per server : 100
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of subscriptions per server: 5
Number of messages: 5
finished initialisation benchmark tests can start 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 92.978 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 336.746 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 344.767 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 649.398 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 2.048 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 1058.867 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 9.034 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 1.342 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 12074.624 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 12658.951 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 2113.554 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 1658.89 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 1.649 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 4.45 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 2200.692 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 102197.243 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 54281.375 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 3515.709 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 9929.386 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 8791.477 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 4613.831 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 18354.897 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 3685.594 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 2.356 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 12133.046 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 10176.878 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 1102683.465 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 1.808 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 3.198 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 44905.618 ms
send_message done
{removed_failing_handler,default}
