Parameters:
Number of users: 500
Number of servers: 5
Number of users per server : 100
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of subscriptions per server: 5
Number of messages: 5
finished initialisation benchmark tests can start 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 19.992 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 34.404 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 2.546 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 1.399 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 19.923 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 1108.748 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 1076.659 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 743.41 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 191.94 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 2.076 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 1.44 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 3.366 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 2.123 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 3.169 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 1281.453 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 2625.777 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 1301.892 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 105.552 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 79.016 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 3144.771 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 3978.437 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 1862.543 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 423.253 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 2990.615 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 988.16 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 75.097 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 3536.495 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 584.835 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 3.104 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 2.261 ms
send_message done
