Parameters:
Number of users: 500
Number of servers: 5
Number of users per server : 100
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of subscriptions per server: 5
Number of messages: 5
finished initialisation benchmark tests can start 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 8.024 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 38.888 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 834.283 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 165.869 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 2081.829 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 276.625 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 4.821 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 377.553 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 4322.788 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 19926.858 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 1040.03 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 1085.629 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 1484.027 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 31443.491 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 2101.453 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 22106.154 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 14481.277 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 77894.249 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 6913.215 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 7.149 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 11.23 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 0.989 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 2.136 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 96221.854 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 4.523 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 4.037 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 4437.129 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 3615.538 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 92386.45 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 6699.098 ms
send_message done
