Parameters:
Number of users: 5000
Number of servers: 5
Number of users per server : 1000
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of subscriptions per server: 5
Number of messages: 2
finished initialisation benchmark tests can start 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 887.89 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 273.874 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 940.363 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 748.018 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 1171.64 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 383.746 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 2639.307 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 872.22 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 1198.607 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 927.544 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 460.91 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 1898.705 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 646.611 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 1628.119 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 1855.111 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 1356.559 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 6709.356 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 1107.949 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 2351.365 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 3007.159 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 7050.523 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 5762.475 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 6268.006 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 6854.78 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 6219.977 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 4271.2 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 6859.84 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 3427.226 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 4130.143 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 1865.181 ms
send_message done
