Parameters:
Number of users: 500
Number of servers: 5
Number of users per server : 100
Number of subscriptions: 25
Number of subscriptions per server: 5
Number of messages: 5
finished initialisation benchmark tests can start 
Starting benchmark send_message: 1
Wall clock time = 345.029 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 2
Wall clock time = 4.01 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 3
Wall clock time = 1284.946 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 4
Wall clock time = 974.102 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 5
Wall clock time = 453.889 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 6
Wall clock time = 770.842 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 7
Wall clock time = 0.936 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 8
Wall clock time = 1643.556 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 9
Wall clock time = 0.805 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 10
Wall clock time = 1.283 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 11
Wall clock time = 1.719 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 12
Wall clock time = 0.809 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 13
Wall clock time = 2.456 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 14
Wall clock time = 3518.028 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 15
Wall clock time = 0.83 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 16
Wall clock time = 0.85 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 17
Wall clock time = 4.694 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 18
Wall clock time = 3.82 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 19
Wall clock time = 0.796 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 20
Wall clock time = 4.263 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 21
Wall clock time = 1.591 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 22
Wall clock time = 1.219 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 23
Wall clock time = 0.817 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 24
Wall clock time = 0.906 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 25
Wall clock time = 2.124 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 26
Wall clock time = 5.785 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 27
Wall clock time = 7.651 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 28
Wall clock time = 6.893 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 29
Wall clock time = 0.807 ms
send_message done
Starting benchmark send_message: 30
Wall clock time = 1.478 ms
send_message done
